Added Physical Robot Setup Docs + Example for Using Physical Robot without Remote Controller (#359)
ci-group/revolve2: docs/source/physical_robot_setup/index.rst

===================================
Setting up a new modular robot core
===================================
This tutorial is for maintainers from the CI Group who want to set up a new modular robot core.
The following tutorial does not touch the matter of building a complete robot, it just covers the setup for the **core**.
If you simply want to know how to use a pre-installed physical robot, check the examples. This is most likely the case if you are a student.

Version 1 (V1) and version 2 (V2) of the hardware exists. For anyone outside of the CI Group, V1 is not available; please look at the V2 modular robot.

----------------------------------
Preparation + Install the Hardware
----------------------------------

> Instructions about the assembly of robots can be found in the *how-to-build-a-modular-robot-guide*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructions about the assembly of robots can be found in the *how-to-build-a-modular-robot-guide* (TODO will add this guide soon) .
```

For any type of hardware, there are some required items:

> * A compartment (core case) for the controller. Models to print the core case can be found on the following git repo: `<https://github.com/ci-group/revolve-models>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A housing that will contain the rest of the core hardware. Models to print the core housing can be found on the following git repo: `<https://github.com/ci-group/revolve-models>`_.
```

* A Raspberry Pi (RPi). For V2, this must be a RPi 4.
* A HAT (hardware attached on top), as described in the following hardware specific sections.

> Install the RPi in the core case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the RPi in the core housing.
```

> Install the RPi in the core case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Instructions about the assembly of robots can be found in the *how-to-build-a-modular-robot-guide*.

Reviewer: Please move this all the way to the top of the guide

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Hardware setup for a V1 Robot
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
**V1 is only available to CI Group.**

For the V1 Robot some specific Hardware is required:

* It is required to use a V1 HAT, available in the CI Group lab.
* A V1 specific battery, available in the CI Group lab.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attach the HAT onto the RPi and put them into the housing.
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Hardware setup for a V2 Robot
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> For instructions about the HAT and the V2 robot architecture itself refer to `<https://github.com/ci-group/robohat>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions about the V2 HAT and the V2 robot architecture itself refer to `<https://github.com/ci-group/robohat>`_.
```

> For instructions about the HAT and the V2 robot architecture itself refer to `<https://github.com/ci-group/robohat>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions on  how to set up the hardware of a V2 core, refer to `<https://github.com/ci-group/robohat>`_.
```

To set up the RPi follow the steps below carefully.

#. Flash the SD card with the RPi OS (previously Raspbian). Some Important notes:

    * If you are required to pick a username and password, it is recommended to pick :code:`pi` and :code:`raspberry` for easier access. These are the defaults for most RPi installations.
    * Reminder for CI Group people: if you select a keyboard layout, pick `English(US)`. It can always be changed using the `raspi-config` tool on the RPi.
    * When setting up the Wi-Fi connection, select your Country. (CI-Group Wi-Fi: *ThymioNet*)

#. Boot the RPi and get command line access. Here are some general Tips:

    * You can connect a keyboard and screen.
    * Better is to SSH. This works only if you and the RPi are on the same network. For CI Group, connect it to *ThymioNet* Wi-Fi.
    * If you want to SSH and don't know the IP of the RPi, you can use: :code:`sudo nmap -sP <your ip>` to find all clients on your network.

---------------------------
Install Revolve2 on the RPi
---------------------------
Setting up Revolve2 on the robot requires different steps, depending on the hardware version. Some general steps for all versions:

> #. Check if pyenv is installed by default on your RPi. If not follow the next points:

Reviewer: Pyenv is not installed by default, so users MUST do this

#. Set up a global pyenv. This is to prevent changes to the system's Python installation.:

>     #. Install pyenv: :code:`curl https://pyenv.run | bash` & :code:`git clone https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv-virtualenv.git $(pyenv root)/plugins/pyenv-virtualenv`

Reviewer: Pyenv+virtualenv is an extension of pyenv. Earlier i meant to say that the extension might come by default with pyenv. I will check that today. If so, we can remove the second part of this step

    #. Add :code:`pyenv` to bash:

        .. code-block:: bash

            echo '# Enable pyenv
            export PYENV_ROOT="$HOME/.pyenv"
            command -v pyenv >/dev/null || export PATH="$PYENV_ROOT/bin:$PATH"
            eval "$(pyenv init -)"
            eval "$(pyenv virtualenv-init -)"
            ' >> ~/.bashrc

    #. Log in and out of the RPi.

>     #. Install required packages using :code:`sudo apt install -y`. The packages are:

Reviewer: I think its best to provide the complete code so they can just copy paste

===================================
This tutorial is for maintainers from the CI Group who want to set up a new modular robot core.
The following tutorial does not touch the matter of building a complete robot, it just covers the setup for the **core**.
If you simply want to know how to use a pre-installed physical robot, check the examples. This is most likely the case if you are a student.

For anyone outside of the CI Group, please look at the v2 modular robot.

-----------
Preparation
-----------
Firstly make sure to have all the materials necessary to build the physical robot.
For **CI-Group:**
Models to print the core can be found on the following git repo: `<https://github.com/ci-group/revolve-models>`_.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Install the Hardware
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
For any type of hardware, there are some required items:

* A controller such as an RPi (Raspberry Pi).
* A hat (hardware attached on top) for the RPi to connect servos and other extensions (such as sensors or other actuators). Note that for v1 and v2 hats already exist.
* Cables and a Battery

"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
Hardware setup for a V1 Robot
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> **This is only applicable to the CI-Group-specific V1 design.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**V1 is only available to CI Group.**
```

Install the RPi in the Head compartment.
Instructions about the assembly of robots can be found in the *how-to-build-a-modular-robot-guide*.

"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
Hardware setup for a V2 Robot
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> **This is only applicable to the CI-Group-specific V2 design.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
V1 is only for ci group. v2 is available to anyone and open source

> Install the RPi in the Head compartment.

Reviewer: I think we can leave this out and directly refer to the robohat git as you do below

#. Set up a global pyenv. This is to prevent changes to the system's Python installation.:

    #. Install pyenv: :code:`curl https://pyenv.run | bash` & :code:`git clone https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv-virtualenv.git $(pyenv root)/plugins/pyenv-virtualenv`
    #. Add :code:`pyenv` to bash:

        .. code-block:: bash

            echo '# Enable pyenv
            export PYENV_ROOT="$HOME/.pyenv"
            command -v pyenv >/dev/null || export PATH="$PYENV_ROOT/bin:$PATH"
            eval "$(pyenv init -)"
            eval "$(pyenv virtualenv-init -)"
            ' >> ~/.bashrc

    #. Log in and out of the RPi.
    #. Install required packages using :code:`sudo apt install -y`. The packages are:

        .. code-block:: bash

            libssl-dev
            libbz2-dev
            libncurses5-dev
            libncursesw5-dev
            libreadline-dev
            libsqlite3-dev
            libffi-dev
            liblzma-dev

    #. Get the right Python version (this takes a long time): :code:`pyenv install 3.11`
    #. create a global virtualenv: :code:`pyenv virtualenv 3.11 global_env` & :code:`pyenv global global_env`

> #. Then install Revolve2 using :code:`pip install "git+https://github.com/ci-group/revolve2.git@development#egg=revolve2-modular_robot_physical[botv1]&subdirectory=modular_robot_physical"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Then install Revolve2 using
* V1: :code:`pip install "git+https://github.com/ci-group/revolve2.git@development#egg=revolve2-modular_robot_physical[botv1]&subdirectory=modular_robot_physical"`.
* V2: :code:`pip install "git+https://github.com/ci-group/revolve2.git@development#egg=revolve2-modular_robot_physical[botv2]&subdirectory=modular_robot_physical"`.
```

>     * If you use a CI-Group specific hardware such as V1/ V2 do the install as follows: :code:`pip install <dir>/revolve2/modular_robot_physical[<botv1 or botv2>]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
V1 Additional Steps
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
If you use V1 hardware setup requires additional steps:

> * Install :code:`pigpiod` with :code:`pip install pigpiod`. This library allows the control of the servos attached to the RPis AHT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install :code:`pigpiod` with :code:`pip install pigpiod`. This library allows the control of the servos attached to the RPi's HAT.
```
